# GenSLiVarS
classical and Generated Statically LInked Variants of micro Services and Versioning

Similar to the CAP trade-off (Consistency – Availability – Partition-Tolerance), this library and its documentation will present the C(A/P)S tradeoff for protocol/data versioning which stands for the trade-off between the goals of Code amount (low), Availability/Performance and Storage (low) which can be achieved through lazy/eager migration or by creating multiple converters. Due to high block sizes and large data amounts this is vital for Big Data. This trade-off can be solved through code generation solving 3 aspects with one mapping: Updating of data mappings between different objects, the updating of objects themselves and the collaboration with a Business Object Manager. A switchboard pattern is presented/used which permits the use of different versions in parallel. It then goes on to show how these same code generation techniques can be used to generate statically bound JARs (with statically linked calls) in one variant and normal REST-based Java/Scala microservices in another variant. The first variant has the advantage of compile-time consistency checking, easier re-factoring, testability, performance, traceability, etc. and thus makes microservices far more practical for smaller organizations and projects. Related technologies include Apache Marmotta, Oracle DRM (Data Relationship Management), simplified & optimized bi-temporal logic, delta-DB approaches, Bounded Contexts/Self Contained Systems and Avro/HBase versioning.
